The system to model is the software running aboard the space-based system described below.

A ground station needs to regularly monitor the safety data of a space-based system: 3D position, temperature, battery level, fuel quantity. For this, a ground station can send, via radio-frequencies, a TC (\textit{TeleCommand}) to the space-based system. Once received by the RF receiver, the software of the space-based system gets the request for information. Data of TCs are ciphered. Once the software has deciphered data, it stores data in an intermediate buffer, and a task to handle this request is triggered. This task builds the answer by reading requested values from sensors. Once the answer packet has been built, it is first enciphered and then sent via a TM (\textit{TeleMetry}) to the ground station, using the RF transmitter. 

To ensure that the system does not crash, a microcontroller of this system is dedicated to execute a software task that checks, every 10ms, that all other software tasks of the space-based embedded system are still responsive. For this, a signal is sent to each task. If some of the tasks have not responded to this signal, then the whole system is restarted, apart from the watchdog: the latter is not expected to crash, apart if the battery is too low to power the microcontroller. Obviously, this watchdog task is of prime importance for the reliability of the system.

Sometimes, while the software system is computing a TM, another TC is received. To avoid redundancy, the TM under construction is canceled: a new TM corresponding to the latest TC is computed and sent.

Last but not least, space-based systems are not well protected against high-energy particles. Such a particle can provoke a bit flip from 0 to 1, or the opposite. The memory is the most sensitive elements of the platform.  Therefore, for each block of data the software writes into memory, an error correction code (CRC) of this block has to be computed by the software and stored into memory along with the data block. When this block is read, the corresponding CRC must also be read and checked. 

Use between 2 and 10 blocks.
